What do you want?
Did you regret
declining the offer?
Yes.
What do I need to do first?
Do we start with the marriage license?
We should draw up the contract first.
How much do you want?
Tell me.
Give me a lot.
Enough to use
until my daughter grows up...
and can survive on her own.
Okay.
I'll give you plenty.
We don't have time,
so let's get you tested since you're here.
Let's check and see whether or not
you're a match with my mom.
If you pass the tests,
you just have to do as I say.
Clench your fist.
Hello.
Don't get too nervous.
The test isn't hard to pass.
What's your relationship with the person
receiving the transplant?
Are you her daughter?
-Pardon?
-No.
She's my wife.
I see.
You're her daughter-in-law.
Goodness.
You've made a difficult decision.
HEART NAIL
Gosh. How nice would it be
if all these nail clippings were money?
My gosh. A new nail salon opens up
every single day.
Everyone is doing nails for a living.
They're trying to kill me.
Gosh.
Give it to me.
Rest up. I'll finish here.
Every single muscle aches.
Want a massage?
It's okay.
I'm really going to bed.
Are you sleepy, Eun-seong?
Want to go in with me?
It's okay. Go in.
Okay.
Eun-seong.
I'll do well.
So let's live a long, healthy life
full of happiness.
Okay?
Sorry that I kept you waiting.
Your guardian didn't come with you?
Doctor.
Can I postpone my treatment
for a few months?
Postpone the treatment?
You said it's still in the early stages,
and I have no symptoms yet.
I have no guardian
and can't afford the treatment.
I understand, but--
I'm going to come back
after I can afford it.
I'll get treated.
I'm going to live.
That's why I'm delaying it.
Just for a short while.
Have a seat.
It's an advance.
As for the rest,
I'll give it to you after the surgery.
The test--
As for the test,
you passed.
There weren't any problems?
No. There are no problems with you
donating your liver.
What is it?
Do you have more questions?
No.
I'm glad there aren't any problems.
It's too soon to relax.
We need to prove to the hospital
that you are really family,
and not someone I paid.
They need to make sure,
since these things happen.
I told you over and over
that you'll need to be strong.
Don't worry.
I'm ready for much more
than you think I am.
If things go wrong
because of your mistake,
you must return the money.
Of course,
it'll be different if it's my fault.
Do you agree?
Yes.
You need to eat more.
Pardon?
You're so skinny.
Can you really get the surgery?
Did you bring your seal?
I'll handle the marriage license.
Once the surgery is done,
we can process the divorce.
Here comes the bride.
We'll have the groom choose.
A flower crown or hair clip?
Let's go with anything.
The groom is too shy.
I'll go with this one.
Okay.
Place your hand lightly on hers.
Place your arm around her waist.
Okay. Closer.
That's good.
Okay. One, two, three.
-Excuse me.
-Okay.
Let's have one of you kissing.
Come on.
You do it all the time.
Okay. Put your hands around her waist.
Bride.
A little closer. Closer.
Get together.
One, two, three.
Yes.
Smile. More.
Did the hospital ask you
to submit these pictures too?
Submitting proof is necessary.
If we marry out of the blue,
they'll suspect us for sure.
We need to submit proof
that I didn't buy an organ,
but married you out of love.
I'm going to say
these photos were from a year ago.
Let's say that's when we got
secretly engaged.
I'm going to insist
we got engaged in secret
without telling the family
because my mom objected.
Can you manipulate the photos
to make it look a year old?
You don't need to worry about that.
I'll take care of it.
Okay.
What are you doing tomorrow?
I have to work.
Return to the restaurant tomorrow.
The restaurant?
You need to stay near me for now.
I can't trust you not to bail.
Next is the hospital interview.
You need to act well.
It's over if they can tell it's fake.
Place your hand on his shoulder.
One, two.
Stand behind him.
Place your hands on his shoulders.
One, two. Okay.
Look at each other.
Good. Okay.
Give me a happy smile. Smile.
Can't we speed this up?
And why is it so hot in here?
Ms. Oh.
Your son is here.
She won't say anything.
Please excuse us.
Okay.
Stop scaring me.
I'm a busy man.
The ICU won't take visitors.
Stop going there.
Please...
process my discharge.
I want to go home.
Not like this.
Are you hiding a lover at home
or something?
Don't tease me.
I have no energy to fight.
I know I don't have much time left.
Let me go home
and...
finish things up before I go.
Like what?
Going to Dad and causing a scene?
Sorry, but it won't go as you wish.
I think I can get a donor.
You need to eat well
and get stronger to get a transplant.
You can't get the surgery in this state.
Where did we get a donor?
I'm far down on the list.
You can always pull that up.
Tell me.
I'll explain later.
Just do as I say.
Where's the blanched broccoli?
Coming.
What got into Mr. Han?
That cold-hearted jerk told you
to come back?
I'm stunned.
He's usually dying to fire people.
What happened to him?
Maybe
she has connections.
Go do your job.
Okay.
Hye-su.
I heard from the manager.
The company reconsidered
and let you come back?
Well,
I guess that's what happened.
I'm surprised.
I got lucky.
Did you really pay the loan shark back?
Yes, I did.
You really did?
How?
Someone helped me. Don't worry about it.
Is that true?
Look me in the eye.
It's true.
This is my business.
Don't worry about it.
It was my cousin's debt.
It's as much my business as it is yours.
How could I not worry about it?
Hye-su?
Yes?
Can I have a word with you?
What are you doing here?
Don't get any weird ideas.
Hey.
Do you still work with those tough guys?
No, I just need some money.
I don't care, as long as it's
the right amount.
Seung-ju.
Here.
What could happen?
Worst case scenario, I'll die.
It's urgent, so look into it for me.
Seung-ju! Where are you going?
Have a seat.
Here.
This is Mr. Han's profile
and personal information.
Did you bring yours?
Here you go.
From now on,
you two need to get your stories straight.
You need to come up with a story
about your relationship
and a reason why you pushed off the
marriage although you dated for so long.
You guys need to make sure to be
on the same page for every little detail.
If you want to look
like you were dating for a while,
you need to know about each other's lives.
Yes.
Also,
starting tonight, stay after work
and begin studying hard with Mr. Han.
Study?
Gosh.
Sloppy acting won't fool the hospital.
They're experts.
I heard they can tell right away
whether or not you're lying.
Gosh.
I'm more worried about Mr. Han though.
He can't control his expressions.
He always loses at poker
because he's always getting angry.
Gosh.
Anyway,
memorize everything here. Okay?
Hometown, age, school, hobbies,
underwear size...
I mean, you're his wife after all.
-Good job today.
-You too, Hye-su.
-Let's get drinks.
-No thank you.
How is your mom nowadays?
She's getting better.
What about the hospital bill?
We've paid off most of it.
HAN JI-HUN'S PROFILE
HOBBIES, SIZES
What are you studying so intently?
Let us see too.
It's nothing.
Let's all have some fun.
"Born in Seoul in 1980.
Hello.
Let's go.
What are you doing?
Mr. Han, I have some questions.
What's NYU?
It says the university you went to is NYU.
Did you graduate in the States?
Then what's this?
How could you read this here
in front of everyone?
I mean, I just got it.
I'm sorry.
Gosh.
It's so hard to see you these days.
Are you that busy?
Yes.
How are preparations
for the second restaurant going?
Yes. We should be able to open
in the first half of the year.
I've narrowed it down to two places
and I'm going over them.
I know you're busy but make some time.
She's Assemblyman Oh Sang-jin's daughter.
She gives lectures at a university.
She's ambitious and strong-willed.
Very smart like her dad.
She isn't an eyesore, either.
I'm not interested in
getting married for a while.
You've said that many times.
Get married soon
after your brother's wedding.
I won't be around forever.
Your mom has been
quiet lately.
She hasn't called.
That scares me more.
I don't know what scheme she's cooking up.
Don't worry.
I talked to her.
-Ji-hun.
-Yes.
I'm glad you're here.
Let's go. We'll be late.
Are you going somewhere?
Well,
Na-yoon's recital is today.
We may become a family soon.
We should go and support her.
Will you drive me?
Why don't we go on a nice date?
Okay.
Ji-hun.
I've been thinking.
Why don't we get
that woman to see a psychiatrist?
She seems to need treatment.
I'm genuinely concerned.
It was over between her
and your dad ages ago.
What's gotten into her lately?
It's not like
I can't guess what she's up to.
And she spends frivolously too.
You poor thing.
When I think
about how she neglected you
when you were younger,
it still makes me tear up.
I made so many mistakes.
Not at all.
It was so beautiful.
Oh, right.
These flowers are from the chairman.
Wait.
Where's Ji-hun?
Did he go somewhere?
He was just here.
Hey, Jeong-hun.
Something came up and I need to go.
I'll call Mom later.
Okay.
Ji-hun, you came.
Hi.
I liked your recital.
You haven't
improved at all.
Sorry, but I need to go.
Don't avoid me.
We'll have to keep seeing each other.
You are still as cowardly
as you were then, Ji-hun.
You ran away then,
and you're running away now.
You'll run away all your life.
Just tell them I'm your ex-girlfriend
and ruin the wedding.
You can't do that, can you?
So how dare you act sarcastic to me?
I'm leaving now.
-You were here.
-Hey, Jeong-hun.
Her recital was so moving.
She was embarrassed by my compliment.
Really?
Yes.
Why couldn't I reach you?
I was at a recital.
What an easy life.
The hospital called
to schedule the interview.
It's sooner than we expected.
What should we do?
Where's Hye-su?
Hye-su?
What?
Hye-su!
She was here not too long ago.
Hye-su.
Hello.
What are you doing here?
I was taking inventory.
Why didn't you answer your phone?
I must've left it downstairs.
I told you to make sure
you can always answer your phone.
Just stay
at my place for a while.
Sorry?
I'll stay at my house.
I may often need to consult
with you on short notice.
So I need you to be nearby.
Gosh.
No.
I don't need your place.
Would you rent out that room to me?
It used to be the employee lounge,
so it isn't bad.
Here.
It won't look good to the others
if they find out I moved into your place.
It has a sink and a bathroom.
I just need to clean it up.
I've been looking for a place to live
with my child, anyway.
Don't worry.
I'll stay here until the surgery,
right where you need me.
I'll go down now.
These are our engagement photos.
We'll need to take
a few more pictures for proof.
Not like these, but more casual pictures.
Okay.
Burn them after the surgery.
The recording has started.
And here.
These are possible questions
the hospital may ask us.
We've been dating for two years.
What were you doing two years ago?
I worked at a restaurant
while studying for the chef's exam.
Send me the name of the restaurant
where you worked
and your address from back then.
When did your husband die?
He died in a car accident
the same year my child was born.
Why are you in debt?
Do you need to know that too?
If we were dating for two years,
I feel like I should know.
But then again,
we don't want the hospital to know
about the debt.
Your parents?
What do they do?
They passed away early.
I lived with my grandmother.
You've had a sad life.
I did not.
She was a doting grandmother
and I was happy.
Don't get angry.
I didn't say you had a bad life.
Where did we meet?
What should we say?
A club?
Have you been to any clubs?
I doubt it, since my child is so young.
Let's just say we met
after a car accident in front of a club.
Let's say you hit me with your car.
That's realistic.
Nice. Let's go with that.
"The most recent trip we took."
Where should we say?
Hawaii?
Okinawa?
Okay.
Let's say Yongpyong.
You've been there, right?
Let's say we took a three-day ski trip
with your child last year.
I'll send you my membership usage record.
May I call Mom?
No, you may not.
You shouldn't call her when she's working.
But she's getting off way too late.
She said she'll be very late tonight.
They're preparing for a big party.
Still, it's too late.
You're right.
Maybe...
your mom left you behind
to go play somewhere fun.
No way. She wouldn't do that.
My mom isn't like you.
What do you take me for?
Who says your mom can't go somewhere fun?
Maybe your mom left you and went far away.
Gosh! What then?
Then you'll have to live with me
for the rest of your life.
I would love that
because I love you so much.
Right?
Goodness, why is she so late?
Thank you for the ride.
People live here?
It's my friend's shop.
She's watching my child.
I see.
I won't run away.
Don't worry.
Press that
and push the door.
This?
Good night.
-You startled me.
-Hey.
Who was that? What happened?
The restaurant's director gave me a ride.
Is she asleep?
Why did your director drive you home?
Because it was late.
Wrong. That makes no sense.
You weren't the only one working late,
so why did he drive just you home?
He lives that way.
I see. How kind of him.
He fired you not long ago.
Why is he doing this now?
I know.
Do you think he's interested in you?
Oh my gosh.
Think whatever you want.
How romantic.
Eun-seong.
Let's go and sleep.
You couldn't sleep
because you were waiting for me?
What's this?
-Don't touch it.
-My goodness.
Gosh.
Shut it.
"Don't touch it."
Eun-seong, let's go in.
-Mom.
-Sorry.
SEUNGJIN HOSPITAL
You look much better.
Thanks to you.
It's so great
that you can get a transplant.
Not many daughters-in-law
would do that nowadays.
You're truly blessed.
Daughter-in-law?
Yes. I heard your daughter-in-law
is donating her liver to you.
Isn't that it?
But...
Oh my...
They didn't talk to me about it yet.
I see.
It wasn't decided yet?
No.
I haven't decided yet.
Sure, I can understand.
It's not an easy decision.
What is it?
Did you get married
without telling me?
What happened?
Tell me.
You must be better. You sound strong.
What daughter-in-law?
I don't have a daughter-in-law.
Did you get married?
How else would you have a daughter-in-law?
What do you mean?
I'm busy.
I'll explain later at the hospital.
Don't ask around.
Hello.
Just pray
and be thankful you can live.
Ta-da!
Here you go!
I brought you your favorite. Red roses.
The color of passion.
The scent.
They look just like you!
And a nice sweater for the spring!
Tell me the truth.
Everything you know.
Pardon? What do you mean?
I don't know anything.
There's no way.
I can tell from your face.
I really don't know.
Please calm down.
If you stay upset like this,
you're going to make yourself sicker.
Tell me. Tell me everything.
Since when did I have a daughter-in-law?
Since when?
Who on earth did he marry?
Well, the thing is...
What are you talking about?
Ji-hun isn't married.
He freaks out at the mention of marriage.
He won't even go to our friends' weddings.
Then tell me.
What is this about my daughter-in-law
donating her liver?
Is the nurse mistaken?
The thing is...
That is...
Well...
I'll need to talk to Ji-hun first.
Anyway, you need to relax.
Who is she?
What is she like?
I'll ask the hospital then.
Wait!
Please wait.
The truth is...
He met her while he was studying abroad.
They ran into each other
about two years ago.
However,
her husband passed away
and she had a child,
so he couldn't tell you about her.
I think they're really in love!
And she has such a kind heart.
She's willing to do the surgery for you.
Gosh, and she happens to be
a perfect match.
She's a nice girl.
You'll see.
Isn't it nice?
It has a nice view
and it's close to my work.
Yes. I love it.
Mister!
-Hi, Eun-seong.
-Hello.
I'll do it. Go down.
Why?
-What's going on?
-I'll be right down.
-How have you been?
-Good.
No, Eun-seong.
-Thanks.
-What's going on?
You got your job back
and you're staying here?
Mr. Han isn't like that.
I begged him.
I told him I had nowhere else to go
and to let me stay here.
That jerk doesn't care
about things like that.
They dock your pay
even if you step out for a bit.
He's trying to kiss up to his dad,
so he lives here
and only pretends to work.
Everyone says he's garbage.
He must be after something.
Maybe I have something on him.
Something on him? Like what?
I would lose my hold over him
if I told you.
Bring me that. Those plates are heavy.
So cute.
Look at that wiggly tail.
I said everything you told me to,
but why don't you just tell your mom
that it's a fake marriage?
Are you stupid?
What do you think will happen?
If I say I'm getting married
for her transplant,
would she agree to it?
My marriage is everything to her.
It'll only complicate things.
You're right.
She would freak out.
The fewer people who know, the better.
Still, things keep getting
more complicated.
What do you plan to do?
It will be problem after problem.
I wouldn't say anything
if you had passed the hospital interview.
Gosh. I hear they are super tough.
What is that noise?
Where's it coming from?
Who said you could jump rope here?
Goodness.
Kid, don't you hear me?
I said, stop jumping!
It's so hot.
Stop, Eun-seong.
The two of you
seem close.
This is no longer the employee lounge.
It's Hye-su's home,
so please don't go in anymore.
Don't cause trouble.
-But Mr. Han--
-Go down.
Train the employees properly.
That lazy bum.
Kid, would you stop?
My goodness! Eun-seong!
Are you okay?
Gross. You're a weird old man.
-Oh my.
-Hey!
-That brat.
-I'll wipe that.
Take it off. I will--
-Take off what?
-I'm sorry.
Hye-su, we need to talk.
Gosh, I'm so sorry.
-I'm sorry.
-Gosh.
Make sure she stops jumping.
It's distracting. I can't work.
I'll tell her.
I hate kids running around.
I didn't stop you,
since you insisted on moving in here,
but if the kid goes downstairs
and hinders business,
or runs around near my room,
you'll have to move out.
Okay.
Can't you send the kid
to your in-laws or somewhere?
Must you live with her?
I'm saying this because you insist on
living with her when you're in such debt.
It makes you look foolish.
I guess that's why
your husband's debt is yours.
You're right. I'm foolish.
That's why I'm selling my liver.
Are you kidding me?
Don't tell me
you say things like that to others.
Are you always that loud?
This isn't a game.
This is a conspiracy to commit a crime.
This is why I want you
where I can see you.
I just can't trust you.
Do you know how dangerous
things are going to get?
Did you memorize the possible questions
for the hospital interview?
Yes.
Here.
This is what to say to my mom.
For her,
we need to change your background a bit.
Do we need to lie to your mom too?
Just keep to the script
until the surgery is over.
If you don't,
it'll only make life harder for you.
I'll do my best
and explain why you're raising a kid alone
and how your husband passed away,
but I had to change your educational
and family background a bit.
The fact that you were raised
in a broken family
and are a widow with a kid
is enough to make my mom freak out.
If we don't lie about all of this,
she'd refuse the surgery.
This is all because I'm worried about you.
What is it?
Do you have a problem?
Mr. Han.
What is it?
I know you're very prejudiced,
but please have some manners.
I don't like the way you talk about my
background and how I'm a widow with a kid.
You're quite snappish.
You didn't look like it.
You're the one who's messed up.
What?
You know,
I've done all sorts of things
to survive with a kid
and pay back my debt.
I've sold street food illegally
and sold counterfeits.
I've lent someone my identity
for some strange company, for money.
I've done all sorts of illegal
and dangerous things.
-So?
-This isn't easy for me, either.
I am
putting my life on the line.
Why are you acting so weak now?
The surgery won't kill you.
The chef is looking for me.
I'll talk to you later.
Don't worry too much.
Pardon?
Weren't you with Mr. Han just now?
He has a thing for abusing people.
He wants you to work hard, right?
Yes.
Tell him to look in the mirror.
He knows nothing about cooking,
but he acts like he's all that.
What a complete idiot.
Don't you think so?
Yes, a little.
He should tone it down.
Who cares if he's the director?
That young punk
bosses everyone around.
I guess money is everything.
What?
Still,
we get paid a salary,
so we need to be understanding.
That's the way to survive.
You should've said something.
And that guy
was the big brother of Jung-woo's mom.
He thought he was...
Sorry, Eun-seong.
Open wide.
Chew well.
And I gave him a watch as a gift.
What are you doing?
What? Nothing.
It's nothing.
Aren't you hungry?
You should try one too.
I'm fine. You should eat a lot.
It's so good.
You're the best cook.
It takes no skill to grill meat.
Open wide.
Eat just one.
Should I?
It's so yummy.
One more.
One more?
"Favorite food.
Nuts.
Tteokbokki...
with
sesame seeds."
What is this?
Hey, Ji-hun.
Is someone grilling pork belly
in the kitchen?
Everyone went home.
Who would be grilling meat?
Gosh.
My goodness, that smell.
We have a home and got to eat meat.
I'm so happy. So excited.
I learned this dance at the nursery.
Do you want to see?
Catch me if you can!
No running.
Eun-seong, no running.
Stop.
Are you okay?
-Are you okay?
-Yes.
-Sit down.
"Sundae."
Favorite shoe brand.
Shoe size, it's...
Must I know this jerk's shoe size too?
Must I?
It's okay.
You're doing the right thing.
It's all right.
You have a place to stay.
You repaid your debt.
And you're saving someone's life.
And...
-Thank you.
This is a submission from a lady.
Last night, when I got home from a
work dinner, my home had been broken into.
They took my laptop,
a wallet my friend gave me,
and the piggy bank that I had been
saving in for over a year.
Money is one thing. I couldn't sleep
because I was so scared.
-The thief took my emergency cash.
-Gosh.
This month is going to be difficult
because of that thief.
I had been robbed once as well.
I was scared.
I felt like they knew my number.
-It was scary.
-I see.
-I bet it was.
-You would be too, right?
I think it would feel horrible.
Take a look at the socks.
They're 1,000 won a pair.
Get out of here. They're here.
Again?
-Move all this.
-Ma'am, you can't peddle here.
-Move it!
-Okay.
-Fine.
-Hurry up!
-Gosh.
-Hurry up.
How have you been, Mother?
Who are you to call me Mother?
I'll help out and go.
Forget it. Go.
Just this.
-I said forget it!
-What are you doing?
Move it!
Okay!
Gosh.
Move it!
Have some tea with me.
Forget it. Go.
Then here.
At least take this.
I know I hurt your feelings.
I'm sorry.
I bought you a sweater and long johns
for spring,
since you get cold easily.
And I put in a little bit of money too.
Mother.
Please take it.
I said, leave.
I don't need this,
so don't ever come to see me again.
Mother!
I'll come with Eun-seong next time!
She's gotten really big now!
Don't you want to see her?
Mother!
Mother.
Mother...
You're so hard at work.
Are you feeling okay?
I wanted to walk for exercise.
Good thinking.
You need to get stronger
so that you can get your surgery.
You should take walks too.
May I ask you for a favor?
Yes?
My cell phone died,
so I lost all my numbers.
I lost my son's and everyone else's.
I don't know what to do.
Oh, no.
The thing is,
I need to talk to my daughter-in-law
urgently about the surgery.
You have her contact information, right?
POSSIBLE HOSPITAL INTERVIEW QUESTIONS
Keep it down.
Move.
You must be happy
that it's easier to watch your kid.
Yes.
She goes to nursery school
during working hours.
I'll make sure
she doesn't bother the business.
I have a working wife and kids,
so I know how you feel.
I misjudged Mr. Han.
He hated kids even if they were customers.
What's gotten into him?
He's turning over a new leaf.
Stop laughing.
INCOMING CALL
What is that?
Hello?
I'm Han Ji-hun's mom.
Pardon?
Can we meet right now for a bit?
Right now?
I'm sorry.
There must be a problem
with the donor's interview process.
What problem?
You and I need to meet and resolve this.
Don't tell Ji-hun.
Can you come to the hospital now?
Yes.
As for the second location of The Promise,
it will be located at the hottest spot
among young people,
Gyeongridan-gil of Itaewon.
The theme of the second location will be
Italian fusion.
The person you are trying
to reach cannot...
Our marketing strategy will use
social media to target
the 20s and 30s demographic,
and create an online community
for The Promise.
KANG HYE-SU
IGNORE
So in the demographic's leisure time...
The person you are trying
to reach cannot...
Hi, Hye-su. I was just about to head out.
What do you need?
Our shop is closed today.
I couldn't help you move.
Don't you need help unpacking?
Sorry, but I need to go somewhere.
Will you take care of Eun-seong?
I'll be right back.
Sorry.
Darn it.
Not there.
-No? Here?
-Yes.
Let's go in.
-Auntie.
-Yes?
Once you take off your shoes,
close your eyes.
What?
Take off your shoes
and then close your eyes.
-Close my eyes?
-Yes.
Auntie.
Gosh.
Ta-da.
So this is your new home.
It's so nice.
Gosh, your mom made a mess.
-Put your bag down.
-Okay.
Goodness. What was the big rush?
Sit down.
Once I clean this up, let's have
a delicious snack.
Okay.
My goodness.
What is this?
HAN JI-HUN'S PROFILE
You scared me.
When did you get there?
Why is my mom together with that man?
Do you know him?
-Give it to me!
-No.
-It's nothing.
-Give it to me.
It isn't your mom.
-Give it to me!
-It really isn't your mom!
It isn't your mom.
-It isn't!
-I saw.
-No.
-Stop lying!
It really isn't her.
The person you are trying
to reach cannot answer the phone.
Please leave a message after the tone.
The person you are trying
to reach cannot answer the phone.
-Please leave a message...
-Seriously?
-Hello?
-Where are you?
-Are you here yet?
-Yes, I'm here.
Okay.
STRATEGIES FOR THE SECOND LOCATION
OF THE PROMISE
Even if you're desperate,
don't make up the numbers.
It'll become a habit to use these tricks.
What do you mean?
Is that how it looked to you?
I know everything.
Family restaurants are things of the past.
I told Dad that times are changing,
but he's so stubborn.
Sorry.
Our restaurant isn't keeping up
with the times.
I'd like to forge the numbers.
I keep getting franchise requests.
They're so annoying.
Punk. When will you ever stop
being so sarcastic?
When?
Do you really not know Na-yoon?
Your New York apartment was
close to her school.
I'm sure
all the foreign students knew her.
All I did was study.
I have a call.
I'll get going. See you later.
Hurry up and get to the hospital.
Your mom called Hye-su
to the hospital.
What? How did she get her number?
You didn't give it to her?
I have a bad feeling about this.
She told her something urgent happened
and to hurry right over.
Why weren't you answering your phone?
Hello?
This punk. He's always hanging up.
So annoying.
Welcome.
What do you do for a living?
I'm a chef.
You met while studying abroad?
Yes.
And then,
you reunited here
many years later?
Yes.
It must have been
difficult to date
in secret.
I know Ji-hun
would not decide
to get married so easily.
Hye-su, was it?
Do you love Ji-hun?
Yes.
It's so strange.
You don't look like you mean it.
Tell me the truth.
Have you two really dated for a long time?
No, right?
How much is he paying you?
It's not like that.
Don't expect me to fall for that lie.
Tell me the truth.
I've thought it over,
and this is wrong.
It's strange.
Answer me.
How much is he paying you to do this?
Whatever it is,
she's saving your life.
Why are you doing this to her?
What in life isn't an exchange?
Even love and marriage are deals
when you think about it.
It really is fake.
If I say it's real,
will you believe me?
I really love her.
I'm marrying her because I love her.
Stop fooling around.
I knew from the start.
Fine.
Let's say you're right.
But regardless, what's the problem?
I was never going to get married anyway.
She needed money.
You needed to live.
Great. Everyone here wins.
-What's the problem?
-Stop joking around.
What are you trying to do?
Does your dad know?
Why are you afraid of him?
He left you anyway.
You've been the mistress for so long.
Why do you care?
Why do you still have
lingering feelings for him?
Fine. I'm full of regrets.
Not for your dad, but for you.
How could you go about doing
something reckless like this?
What if you get caught?
Do you want to lose
everything you've worked so hard to build?
You care that much about your son?
That's why you did this to yourself?
How many times did I tell you
not to drink?
Even after you were diagnosed,
you drank and drank.
Why didn't you just die then?
Why are you doing this to me now?
You have no right to demand
anything of me.
What's been done is done.
It's too late.
Let's go, Hye-su.
Wait...
I have to get back to the office.
Go back.
It would've been better
to tell her the truth.
Are you making excuses
after that horrible acting?
She's your mom.
Don't you think she'll know?
Everything aside,
it was wrong to lie to your mom.
Are you lecturing me?
Forget it.
Let's quit.
Let's forget it all!
Look here, Mr. Han.
Excuse me.
You're Ms. Oh Mi-ran's
daughter-in-law, correct?
Yes.
I'm glad you're here.
He's the social worker
who's in charge of her case.
You haven't scheduled
the interview yet, have you?
Why don't we do it now,
since you're both here?
Right now?
First, I need to get closer with the kid.
Did you invite him?
Why did you come here?
Stop arguing with me.
I don't like it either.
I won't sell my son
in order to save my life!
Who knows where she's from?
How could you do something so dangerous?
I'll go now.
Wait.
Let's have dinner tomorrow.
Subtitle translation by Blake Lee